hi My name is gitanjali. Currently i am doing PhD in list on the vegetation atmospere intreaction 
The Land-Atmosphere system consists of different compartments such as: soil, the vegetation
canopy, the atmospheric boundary layer and the troposphere (Wulfmeyer et al., 2018). Land-
Atmosphere (L-A) interaction takes place through the exchange of gases, energy, and water between
these different compartments. The role of vegetation in the exchange process is significant as it
contributes to 50% of the water vapor on land through transpiration (E) and almost all atmospheric
oxygen through carbon assimilation(A). Additionally, vegetation also contributes towards the total
energy balance of the land surface through energy partitioning into sensible and latent heat flux. The
vegetation-air interaction begins at the leaf surface controlled by stomata and significantly affects
the atmospheric boundary layer fluxes at landscape or canopy scale (which is controlled by canopy
conductance). The processes of transpiration, assimilation, and leaf-energy exchange are coupled
and studied together as leaf-gas energy exchange. The evaluation of vegetation atmosphere
interaction in not easy due to the associated micro meteorological feedback. The four well-known
feedbacks are : 1.Transpiration leaf temperature feedback (E changes with leaf temperature and leaf
temperature changes with E), 2. Transpiration air humidity feedback (E changes with air humidity
and air humidity changes with E), 3.Sensible heat and air temperature feedback (as shown in figure
1b) (sensible heat changes with air temperature and air temperature changes with sensible heat), 4.
Assimilation and CO2 concentration in air(A) changes with CO2 concentration in air and CO2
concentration changes with (A).
The forces and the coeffecient
The driving force for the exchange of mass and energy from the leaf to air is the concentration(co 2
&water vapor)and the temperature difference existing between the leaf and its adjacent air layer
(known as leaf boundary layer). The mass and energy flux are estimated by product of temperature/
concentration difference and the flux transfer coefficient as shown in equations below (1,2,3).
During transpiration, the water vapor diffuses from the sub-stomatal region to the leaf surface and
then through convection into the atmosphere and during assimilation CO2 diffuses into the stomata
from the surrounding air as shown in figure 1a (Schuepp, 1993).
the two transfer coeffecient:
The transfer coefficient has two components, namely the diffusive component and the convective
component. The diffusive component is the biological component known as stomatal conductance
(gs).The stomatal conductance is controlled by plants also depends on the stomatal shape, size and
their spatial arrangement (Lehmann & Or, 2015).The total diffusive resistance for the leaf is
typically computed per total leaf area with n stomata arranged in parallel (stomatal conductance is
proportional to stomatal density and number of stomata). The leaf boundary layer conductance (gb)
is the convective component of the transfer coefficient and is physically controlled by the
environmental forces. It is expressed as a function of characteristic leaf length , leaf to air
temperature difference and wind velocity (Brenner & Jarvis, 1995). The transfer coefficient (heat
and mass) is characterized as forced and free based on the forces initiating the convective flux
transfer within leaf boundary layer. In free convection, the heat and mass flux is driven by the
buoyant force acting due to the density difference caused by the temperature/concentration
difference. In forced convection flux transfer is driven by the momentum due to wind velocity. The
transfer coeffecients (h,gtE , gtA ) is a function of ( T l −T a ) for free convection and wind velocity
(V) for forced convection (Churchill & Chu, 1975). The total conductance of mass and energy from
leaf to the atmosphere is estimated by considering the stomatal and boundary layer resistances in
series (figure 1a) as expressed in equation 4 (Cowan, 1972)

The stomatal condictance
The stomatal conductance depends not only on the plant physiological mechanisms, biochemical
properties but also on the climatic factors, such as received radiation, CO2 concentration, air
temperature, air humidity and soil moisture (Franks, Berry, Lombardozzi, & Bonan, 2017). In order
to predict the stomatal conductance three types of models are used: process based model, empirical
model and optimality based model. The process based model (physiological mechanisms) simulate
stomatal conductance using two key variables: guard cell volume and tugor pressure. These
variables are typically predicted from mass balance i.e by assuming that water potential is dictated
by a steady-state balance between water supply from elsewhere in the leaf or plant and transpiration
(Buckley, 2017).The empirical model uses a single empirical index that combines the influences of
three variables (net CO2 assimilation, leaf surface relative humidity and leaf surface CO2 mole
fraction) (Dougherty, Bradford, Coyne, & Sims, 1994). An alternative approach to predict the
stomatal conductance is based on the plant economics in terms of maximizing the trade-off
between carbon gain (assimilation) and water loss (transpiration).The stomatal optimality theory
hypothesizes that “stomata optimizes to maximize assimilation for a given amount of transpiration
determined by the soil water availability” (Cowan & Farquhar, 1977). The prediction of optimal
stomatal conductance in a course of time requires (E) and (A) as a function of stomatal
conductance (shown in figure 2), which is again function of certain environmental forcing and plant

